archive repo (#197)
wpilibsuite/frc-characterization: README.md

> frc-characterization has been archived. The features it provided are now a part of [sysid](https://github.com/wpilibsuite/sysid)

Author: ```suggestion
frc-characterization has been archived. The features it provided are now a part of [sysid](https://github.com/wpilibsuite/sysid).
```

> frc-characterization has been archived. The features it provided are now a part of sysid - https://github.com/AustinShalit/frc-characterization.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
frc-characterization has been archived. The features it provided are now a part of [sysid](https://github.com/wpilibsuite/sysid)
```

> frc-characterization has been archived. The features it provided are now a part of sysid - https://github.com/AustinShalit/frc-characterization.git

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
frc-characterization has been archived. The features it provided are now a part of sysid - https://github.com/wpilibsuite/sysid
```
